Hi, guys, in this lesson, we will talk about sibling variable.
In addition, sibling provides a pet variable.
In addition, for rest API, the pet variable nutrition is used to handle template variables in the
request you are mapping and use them as method parameters.
Let's check it for an example.
For example, if they use variable, in addition to extract the templated part of the URAI represented
by the variable Idy, we can send the request like API example idy this request.
But in our example method with the extracted Eyedea value like one, two, three, four in spring,
we can also specify the variable name in default.
The third variable uses the same name with the parameter name, but we can customize it with the variable
name.
Property in matters parameters annotated with variable are required by default, but this variable can
be optional.
Also, we can set the record property of that variable to force to make it optional.
We will see the details of it on our project.
That's all for the beginning.
Thank you.